# BDS-Navigation-Data-for-Spoofing-application
Abstract:


Beidou Navigation Satellite System (BDS) is China’s own satellite navigation system. BDS is designed for providing better positioning and navigation service to users globally like any other GNSS. When GNSS signals are weak in reception, receivers are vulnerable to interferences like jamming and spoofing. Thus, GNSS receivers experience challenges in civilian and defence applications. Spoofing is the intelligent type of interference to GNSS receivers by sending false signals intentionally by the attacker. Most of the receivers are unable to detect the spoofing interference and differentiate between genuine signal and false signal. GNSS false signals can be easily generated by making modifications in navigation data. The main aim of this project is to generate navigation data for a newly developed Beidou navigation satellite system (BDS-3) for spoofing applications. To carry out the aim, initially beidou RINEX navigation file of one day is read to extract navigation data. The BDS-3 system of PRN C20, 23, 27, 28, 32, 37, 41, 46 MEO and C38, 39, 40 IGSO satellites position, velocity and time are computed and validated using ephemeris parameters from extracted navigation data. These ephemeris parameters are used in construction of navigation message. B2a signal transmits B-CNAV2 navigation message by performing 64-ary non-binary LDPC (96, 48) error correction encoding. The navigation data is generated and evaluated for spoofing operation. BDS-3 satellite positions and desired/spoofing position are used to compute pseudoranges. The pseudoranges and satellite positions are used to estimate the desired/spoofed position by Least squares position estimation algorithm. This algorithm gives an estimated static spoofed location i.e., false position is compared with the true position. The navigation data is generated by relevant algorithms can be used to implement a low-cost software simulator for spoofing application. Future work can also be extended to spoofing a dynamic location by transmitting RF signals using SDR devices.
